All right so we have our database connection set up already so we can connect to the database.
Now we need to make our files of our own or see a mass or a template actually reusable.
All right so we're going to be using a function called includes to do that and we could use it some
other functions but right now we're going to be using that.
So if you go to our local host and we'll be in local CMOS
right.
This is our home page.
We're going to be able to do what we want to do is put that table that we made called category up here
displaying some data.
All right some categories.
Now let me show you something we have a lot of the mail in here and we need to get rid of some we need
to make our code our files a little bit more usable look all the data here.
That is a lot of HD mail and that's very confusing imagining having let me just make this smaller so
that what you can see imagine having BHP also in bettering here that would make this unreadable.
All right.
So let's make this a little bit more usable by taking it off and including it.
Here is a clue for the right so let's make let's go to that includes folder and it's created two new
files.
Then call this header that BHB and then right click again I'm going to create another one called footer
that Ph.
All right.
I'm going to nail Pierce so I can work with them.
Let's go back to in there and let's just take this out from the body take it out and let's go back to
Hetter and paste it there.
Let's go back and save it.
I am clicking every time I'm with one of these pages here.
I'm actually commencing everything.
And if you are in the Windows machine you can control s so to save it so you can come here and save
it.
But I think controllers would do the trick for you.
Fine.
So we have that let's include this go to and it's and it's use include.
Let's use that command and let's include it.
So let's open will be tags on so used to type in using my older editor every time I type BHB moderator
like this.
And I press on the tab it will make the tax for me so that's why every time you see me going like this
and deleting it that's what it is.
I'm actually thinking that this is going to do it for me but we need to find a probably a plug in for
this editor to do that.
So but right now it doesn't really matter let's just get used to doing it like this.
So this also use a function called includes include this.
All right so what we want to include is a file called Hetter that HP and remember that's actually in
another folder called include includes includes right here.
Right.
So that should do the trick.
Let's go ahead and see that fresh Let's see what data correctly that we got.
So it's working let's just make a mistake here and see what happens.
All right.
Well make a mistake and everything fails.
All right so we are good.
Just fix that up again.
Perfect.
All right so let's do the same thing for the footer.
Let's go ahead and take out a lot of things from the footless make sure this is for that and that's
for that.
So we need that and this is for here we need a roll.
So there and this is the food right here.
So this just take of the food right here.
Everything on the footer stick it out.
And it's called the footer.
They sit in there save it as you can see it's just saving the food there and go back to it's included.
Now I'm going to just copy and paste this actually let me make this bigger for you.
I totally forgot that I zoom
this command or control.
Plus and that would make it bigger.
So that way you can see a little bit more clear what I'm doing.
All right.
I think that's clear enough.
Let's also pitch pretax down here.
All right.
We can make this a little neater by putting the page betakes right there.
Right I think we're good.
Go back to it and we can see that we are in fact good include actually no we're not.
We don't see the foot on the left side.
We just do it right here.
There we go.
Now we see the footer.
Perfect right.
That's looking nice.
And let's also take out we have a bunch of all the data here leches and Malim Zumo little bit of pressing
command minus.
Let's take all the navigation.
How about that.
Let's take that out of the mission we have page Konting there also but this take other navigation and
just leave that come in there so that we know these navigation and this go to includes making a file
called navigation duppy H-P.
There you go.
And to save it right here it takes me right to that far when I say it.
When I click on enter and then I go back to the index and then include it right here so I'm going to
use this also to include it I make this a little neater again loops so that where you can see what I'm
doing.
All right.
All right so copy this.
Put it into navigation right here into the navigation comment Nivea patient.
Whoops.
All right.
So back to it and we can see the sidebar is there is it.
There we go.
There we make a mistake and our Sohrab are still there.
But.
Well that was an obligation on top I believe.
Let's go back to it and we can see that something's going on there.
It's actually telling me in these patients that we go there we go.
Nice work.
So what do we have here in this file is a actually what we had in this file was was not a sidebar I'm
sorry it was I was confused is with the navigation.
This is the navigation I'm sorry.
So that's what we had in the last fall.
And I was confusing with a sidebar Sometimes I go ahead of myself when I'm in my head.
So that's way.
So if I go here and I save this I make a mistake refresh this.
You could see that we don't have an obligation there.
So that's the problem.
We'll fix it again.
We were fresh.
We got the navigation.
Now let's get the sidebar out of here.
All right we want to make this house more reusable as possible.
We want to clean this up a little bit.
So where is navigation is somehow a sold.
I see it.
So where I hear it says blogsite Bart.
Yeah we can see the navigation right here.
So I'm going to click on this and all of this is navigation.
I mean the sidebar I'm sorry the sidebar.
All right.
So I'm just going to take that out and just make sure that that's the one it is.
So take it out and then go create a new file and it's called this sidebar that BHP enter.
Let's save it in here to space and save it come back to and it's let's do a include it also in here.
And we're going to include the sidebar.
All right.
Let me make this a little bigger for you so you can see what I'm doing.
Perfect.
That's looking great isn't it.
All right so all we have left is content.
Right here we have a lot of content here that you know it's think it's good to actually take this content
also out of here and put it somewhere else.
I think there's a lot of data here that we don't need but for simplicity and just kind of leave it for
now as a matter of fact let's just take it out and Dave we need a lead on.
I will bring it back.
OK.
Right now we we see here that Konting is actually taking a lot of space there and we could
reuse it somewhere else.
Let's just make sure that's the one.
Right.
So we got a pager right here.
We got the third posting.
All right so what we need to do is we need to clean some of this out because we have a couple of posts
there that we're not going to be using.
So we see the header of the polls.
This is the first poll right here and right here.
So this is all we going to need.
Actually that title the blog post the blog post titled The page heading.
All right.
So we're just going to need one of these because we're going to make some dynamic stuff going on so
let's just take it out of here.
Meanwhile we hear so let's just take this out.
Take this out and we don't even need a pager.
We can take the pager out.
All right.
So let's save it.
Let's come back to that file should be saved already for us.
All right.
Just refresh.
Actually
I can see something happening right here.
Our navigation is going to this guy and it's a good reason why he's doing that.
We take on selling point stuff that we should not take in now and then going to fix it up in a minute.
So yeah and that's the one that we took off that we should not have taken off and let's do that right
now.
I used to got a death that makes this column eight here.
I'm going to put a comment right there on that page right now.
Let's go back to refresh it and you can see now everything is working fine now.
All right.
We're going to see only one of these and the reason is because later on we're going to make this dynamic
and he's going to have many of these automatically right.
So anyway I think we're done with this restructuring this year.
All right.
So we restructure the home page right now.
So take care I see you the next lecture